## this is v1 of BBElements which used polymer, this is outdated as of July 2018 

# BBElements.js

is a front-end JavaScript library for using custom HTML elements that conform to the Branger_Briz brand. The library uses the [webcomponents polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs) as well as the [Polymer library](https://www.polymer-project.org/1.0/) for creating the actual custom elements. The BBElements library itself handles the following:

- conditionally loads polyfill
- lazy loads polymer
- lazy loads BB fonts CSS
- conditionally loads [highlightJS](https://highlightjs.org/) ( for `<bb-code>`)
- lazy loads elements ( all or from a custom list )
- alternativly, can load a [vulcanized](https://github.com/Polymer/vulcanize) elements html file
- provides optional loading helpers:
	- display unresolved CSS on elements before they've finished loading ( removed after fully loaded )
	- display loading screen with a progress bar
- handles some DOM manipulation related to marginal notes ( `<bb-note>` )

<br><br><br>

## documentation

for information on how to use the library as well as info on the BBElements themselves see the [build/documentation.html](http://labs.brangerbriz.com/bbelements/build/documentation.html) page.

<br><br><br>


## dev notes

Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/brangerbriz/BBElements.git`.
Then make sure to `npm install` as well as `bower install` ( assuming you have npm and bower installed locally ). The package.json includes a few npm scripts ( which must be run from the root of the project ) detailed below.

The source code is found in the **srcdd** folder. All the BBElements are in **src/elementsdd**, the main library file is **src/BBElements.jsdd** and it's dependencies are in **src/jsdd**. Inside **src/utilsdd** are a few dev utility scripts. There is an npm script to lint the srouce code:
```
npm run lint
```

The **docsdd** directory contains a .json document file per BBElement. This documentation page uses the data in those .json files to generate parts of this page. The .json files are auto-generated by **docs/make.jsdd** which can be run with the following npm script:
```
npm run docs
```

**src/utils/Vulcanize.jsdd** is used to to create a vulcanized file **src/utils/vulcanized-elements.htmldd**, which is a single HTML import file for loading BBElements via `.import('path/to/vulcanized-elements.html')` rather than lazy-loading individual files for each BBElement via `.lazyLoad()`. There is an npm script for creating a the vulcanized-elements.html file.
```
npm run vulcanize

// you can also specify which elements to include in the vulcanized file
npm run vulcanize bb-p bb-h1 bb-h2
```

The build folder includes this documentation page, a few example files and a **build/jsdd** folder, which is where the built library and it's dependencies are placed. There is an npm script used to build the library ( as well as collect all the libraries dependencies and copy them into build/js/BBElementsFiles ). The build process also lints and creates docs as well as creates a vulcanized file with all the elements in it by default.
```
npm run build
```

to watch changes to src/*.js
```
npm run watch
```
